LAU SETUP 1.4.0 — GAME RELEASE 3.0.8

YOUR EXISTING FILES ARE PRESERVED
Before Setup replaces or moves an existing game file, it preserves the
original automatically. Keep LauSetupBackups in your game folder.
Restore previous install puts the originals back. Unrelated files stay put.
Most users do not need to copy, rename or move any patches.
Author / Creator / Last Modified By: Neil Mitchell

START HERE ON WINDOWS

1. Close World of Warcraft completely.
2. Download LauSetup.zip. Right-click it, choose Extract All, and open the
   extracted LauSetup folder.
3. Double-click LauSetup.exe. In File Explorer, its type is Application.
4. Click Choose folder… and select the game folder containing WoW.exe,
   then click Next. Do not select Data or a launcher folder.
5. Your visuals shows a fixed Patch-Y HD or Patch-Y Non-HD selection based
   on your client. Optional extras start off. Enable Enhanced Consecration
   for Lau's ground effect, New spell visuals for upgraded spells (HD only),
   or Upgrade maps and minimap for sharper maps and an extra download.
   Already installed map upgrades are kept. Click Next.
6. Review Your choices: Patch-Y (Lau’s version), followed by each enabled
   extra. The review also lists WoW.exe, Patch-Q artwork, matching language
   patches, download size and automatic backups. Back lets you make changes.
7. Click Install upgrade and wait for Finished, then click Finish. Start WoW
   and type /pyversion to check 3.0.8 Lau. If your selection is already
   installed, click Finish; no game-file changes are needed.

Interface language stays at the top of every step. Choose your language if
Automatic detects it incorrectly. Your manual choice is remembered; choose
Automatic to follow your system again. This changes setup text, not the game.
Next does not download or change game files. Install upgrade performs the update.

START HERE ON LINUX / WINE

Use the same LauSetup.zip, but first have Wine 11.0, Wine Mono 10.4.1, an
existing 64-bit Wine prefix, Python 3.9+, the documented fonts, and local Linux
storage. Extract the ZIP, close every WoW instance in every prefix, then run:

  WINEPREFIX="/absolute/path/to/your/existing/prefix" sh LauSetup/LauSetup.sh

Never run LauSetup.exe directly under Wine. After setup opens, use the same
Game folder → Your visuals → Review → Finished steps above.

IF YOU GET STUCK

- Cannot find LauSetup.exe? Extract the ZIP first and open the LauSetup folder;
  its type should be Application.
- Setup rejects a folder? Select the folder that directly contains WoW.exe.
- WoW is running? Close it and retry; on Wine, close every WoW instance in
  every prefix.
- Windows says .NET is missing? Use the Microsoft .NET Framework 4.8 prompt,
  then reopen setup.
- Setup says matching language files are missing? Use the fully installed game
  locale already active in that client; changing a config value does not add a
  language pack.
- Setup says an interrupted install needs restoring? Choose the same client
  folder, click Restore previous install, and keep LauSetupBackups in place.
- Restore stops because another update changed a game file? Keep the backup
  and all files. Report the exact message, filename, and a screenshot at
  https://github.com/CRSD-Lau/Lau-Setup/issues/new/choose. Do not delete or
  force-replace files to bypass the check.
- Renamed patch-y.mpq to patch-lau.mpq? If its contents are recognized,
  Setup backs up patch-lau.mpq and installs the selected patch-y.mpq.
  Restore returns your original filename and file. No manual fix is needed.
- Extra upgrade patches? Click Install upgrade as usual. Setup backs up
  recognized extra upgrade files in LauSetupBackups and continues.
  Restore previous install puts them back. No manual moving is needed.
- Cannot safely check patch? Download the latest setup; 1.2.1 fixes the old
  large-table restriction. If it still stops, keep the archive and backups.
  Report the exact message, filename, and screenshot at
  https://github.com/CRSD-Lau/Lau-Setup/issues/new/choose. Do not force-replace
  files to bypass the check.

Setup follows your system language. Use Interface language to select another
language; your choice is remembered for your user account. Automatic follows
the system again. Ten interface languages are bundled. This changes setup text
only, never WoW's nine game locales or language files.

Updating from an older release or test v2? Download the new installer first; old copies embed the old catalog.
Select the same client and visuals. File-hash checks detect the changed patches.
Start WoW and type /pyversion; it should report 3.0.8 Lau.

The installer detects your client language and HD model configuration.
Optional extras start off. Select Enhanced Consecration for Lau’s ground
effect; leaving it off keeps the stock appearance. New spell visuals require an
existing compatible HD model client. Upgraded maps/minimap are optional.

You need an existing WoW 3.3.5a client, build 12340. Windows 10/11 needs .NET
Framework 4.8. Linux needs the supported Wine/Mono environment in README.txt.
This download is an upgrade, not a complete client or language pack.
The required compatible WoW.exe is installed automatically.

No manual patch copying or renaming is needed. Do not download the entire
shared data release. The app downloads only the files needed for your selection.

Backups and resumable downloads stay in LauSetupBackups inside your WoW
folder, outside Data. To undo the update, close WoW, reopen Lau Setup, choose
the same folder, and click Restore previous install. Recovery also
works if an interrupted update left WoW.exe temporarily missing.

Your addons, SavedVariables, fonts, login artwork, realm settings, and
unrelated patches are preserved. No Pizza Warriors branding, personal
ElvUI setup, LoginUI, account data, or full game client is bundled.

Downloads come from GitHub Releases; no GitHub account is needed.
If a download stops, retry later. Verified files
are reused and partial downloads resume. Game files are changed only after
all required downloads have passed verification. Keep LauSetupBackups if
the app reports that recovery is needed.

This installer is unsigned, so Windows may display an unknown-publisher
warning. Use the supplied checksum to verify your download. It does not
require disabling Windows security or installing Python/PowerShell tools.
The .NET Framework 4.8 runtime is required.

Once this installer has added the map upgrade, it keeps that upgrade during
edition changes. Use Restore previous install to undo the map installation.

Need prior hotfix details or historical indicator notes? Read the online
changelog after completing the steps above:
https://github.com/CRSD-Lau/Lau-Setup/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md

Credits: Andre (Patch-Y baselines), Loriendal and Trimitor (HD foundation),
Project Reforged contributors (HD artwork), Blizzard (original artwork and
localized text), Lau (adaptation, compatibility, indicators, testing).

Author / Creator / Last Modified By: Neil Mitchell

OLD PATCH-V: Just install normally. Setup backs up the retired Data\patch-v.mpq automatically, including empty copies. Restore previous install puts it back. Keep LauSetupBackups.
Language codes such as enus and enUS are accepted equally; you do not need to edit Config.wtf. The footer identifies both the installer and game versions.
